### Problem Statement <br />
Fitness 4 You is a social media platform that caters to university students who want and need a way to connect with others while working out.  It has been proven that students who workout have higher grades, they have better attendance, and they do better on tests compared to students that don’t have any physical activity. Fitness 4 You aim to give college students a fun and interactive way to get physical activity to not only help their health but their grades as well. 
	For the scope of our project we want to create an interactive web platform where users can track their workout progress. We want to make it where the user can give us their school demographic information (College, Major, etc.) and we can group their workout stats together. Then we can show the data of the different colleges to create a ranking leaderboard. Along with the leaderboard and college stats, we also want to make it a social platform where users can interact with others. We want to make it where people are able to have their friend groups, where they can schedule group workouts/walks. We would also want to have a way where users can make new friends and have new workout groups. We would need to make sure that we consider safety in this application, where we allow users to keep their locations private if they wanted or needed to. Another addition to this application would be challenges, there could be college specific challenges. Such as, who had the most steps out of a certain college, which major from the college is the most active. Then there could be university challenges like: which college is the most active, which college gets the most steps in, which college has the most group workouts/walks. etc. . With this application we would like to have different layers and different options for the user. They would be able to select their major and college, but also any school-led groups such as IEEE or any fraternity or sorority they may be associated with. 

As for the programming side of this project, the programming languages that we plan on using will be Python and Java. Python will be for the data analysis side of our project, for example using the number of steps to create more information such as total miles walked, where they rank on the leaderboard, and to assign these values to the group that this individual may or may not belong in. The Java side of this project will be for the website, where we will allow a user to input their information, such as name, steps, college, etc. We will also include a “drop-box” style system where the user can import a file containing their health data, or choose to enter it manually. After collecting this data, we will use python to organize the data as well as crunch the numbers. We will then go back to java and redirect the user to their health statistics as well as their  place on the leaderboard.

Physical Activity Facts. (2020, April 21). Retrieved from CDC: [Physical Activity Facts Page](https://www.cdc.gov/healthyschools/physicalactivity/facts.htm#:~:text=Students%20who%20are%20physically%20active,%2C%20on%2Dtask%20behavior.&text=Higher%20physical%20activity%20and%20physical,concentration%2C%20memory%20among%20students) 
